# Craziness of Samsung

There is a famous saying in South Korea, "You can never avoid Samsung if you live in Korea." This reminds me of the first time I went to South Korea in 2009. Before that, I never knew that Samsung even manufactures vehicles. For non-Korean people, it seems that Samsung is only a company that produces electronic products such as cellphones. It appears that Samsung has influenced every perspective of the Korean people's life.
<br>
Young-Hae Chang created The work "Samsung"  in 1999. It is very reasonable that such work is produced at that time, given the society's situation in South Korea. The work "Samsung" is composed of switching text and music. The first part of the work puts much emphasis on death and his everyday life. The text, together with the tune, give me a feeling of depression. Suddenly, the word Samsung appears in bright red. Then, Samsung continues to appear over and over again, as if it never ends. And indeed, the creator said in the end, "Samsung never ends." To me, it shows a sense of craziness. It makes me feel like Samsung is the core and survivor of life, as it can "help me get over being dead and being alive." Chaebols like Samsung is taking over people's life. Even if Samsung did end, there are many other chaebols can still take over people's life. This kind of pattern may never end.
<br>
After viewing the work, I am not sure whether this work is to praise the benefits of chaebols like Samsung or to condemn the control of people's lives by chaebols. This is perhaps the "ironic ambiguity" in the reading, not to mention that "YHCHI's work was shown at the Robin Gallery, part of the Samsung Museum of Art in Seoul." What is more ironic is the latest version of Samsung made in 2017. It has precisely the same text, with a revised animation and expression. All content in the 2017 version still adapts to life in Korea in 2017. So yes, maybe Samsung never ends.
