#Response to High Infidelity
## by Carol Long

One’s different identity in virtual and real-life has been a problem ever since the newspaper came into existence. Moreover, this phenomenon is more noticed in the era of the Internet. However, before the Internet's existence, let us say when telegram dominates the era of communications, this kind of “virtual” identity problem only happens among a small group of people, let us say with a group of 2-3 people who send a telegram to each other. There was a famous novel called Wired Love: A Romance of Dots and Dashes, telling a story of a couple who dated by telegram and never meet each other before falling in love with each other. All their connections are based on dots and dashes, which are two primary signals of the telegram, and then transformed into text. This is very like the early Internet when people use SNS to communicate. Except that instead of dots and dashes, what is used as a medium of communications are 0s and 1s. The core of stories never changes, and what has changed is the format.
Moreover, with the widespread and development of the Internet, the stories similar to that in Wired Love: A Romance of Dots and Dashes are more common in our everyday life. Almost all people who have access to the Internet will have a virtual self. Earlier, it is tough to connect the person on the Internet with the person in real life. This can be a good thing that some people can create and express themselves, disregarding who they are without the Internet. It gives rise to many artists, novelists, and creators. However, if people do not need to care about what they say in the virtual space, regulation, and moral codes that restrain people in real life seem least important on the Internet. Then as what happened the real-life, cyberviolence starts to happen and then blowout. People show their ignorance, violence, and carelessness in cyber place as there is no actual consequence before people paying attention to cyber violence. However, being violent to AIs seems fair to people as AIs are not real, and no moral codes are restraining them. No matter how smart AIs are, they are still viewed as inferior to human beings to many people. They will not report violent behaviors to the authority, nor will they be hurt. It seems that to many people, as long as the conversation or the environment is “not real,” by which I mean, it does not influence real life; it is justifiable to act rude or violent. However, the Internet is so essential that it is part of our real life and what you say and do on the Internet will very likely be taken into consideration when others are judging you.
As was said by Charles Dickens, “It was the best of times, it was the worst of times” we are living in such times and perhaps have no way to get out. How to live in such an era? I do not know yet, and probably I will have no idea in the future. Nevertheless, I will try to and need to adjust, as the world changes, until I cannot. 
